Eat more celery
You see you have lost weight
I'm not like some people who only know how to eat
I will only feel sorry for my brother.
Xiaoye has been serious about couples since he was a child
An Ying, you haven't eaten since you've been married for more than a year
Does Auntie remember being allergic to celery?
Don't eat it
You swear
Did you forget about your allergy to celery?
Oh.
Anyone?
I don't remember.
Oh brother Ye
You see it's all my fault
The doctor said that eating more celery is good for the baby
You see I just think about the baby
Forgot about this
forget
Did you know that moderate allergies can cause shock?
You can even forget this
It's hard not to question the authenticity of your identity
Oh, no.
This dead old woman shouldn't be suspicious, right?
Am I the president's wife?
I don't need you to judge
Don't you forget.
The identity of the counterfeit was exposed
Why do you want to do it again now?
Sorry baby mom
Mom can't stop those bad women from robbing you of dad
Hmm don't go on
Otherwise, I can't explain it later.
That's enough!